This month I’d like to talk
about “Presenting Your Gifts to God.”
We certainly have every reason
to consider this topic.
Well, why is that?
It’s because Jehovah gives us so much.
James 1:17 says:
“Every good gift
and every perfect present is from above,
coming down
from the Father of the celestial lights.”
For example,
Jehovah allows us to enjoy the gift of life,
even though our first parents
tried to take that from us.
He’s provided us with a variety of foods.
The environment is just right to support life.
He’s given us his precious Word, the Bible,
so that we can come to know
him and his purposes.
And the greatest “perfect present”
Jehovah has given us is the ransom.
Jehovah sacrificed
a great deal to arrange for Jesus
to buy back for us the hope of everlasting life.
This was at no obligation on Jehovah’s part.
It was totally a gift of love.
Please read with me 1 John 4:9:
“By this the love of God
was revealed in our case,
“that God sent
his only-begotten Son into the world
so that we might gain life through him.”
What a gift of love from Jehovah, our God!
What does that move us to do?
Maybe you’ve had the experience
of a close friend or family member
unexpectedly giving you a valuable gift.
Immediately, what are you thinking?
You are probably trying to think
of what you can give in return.
How much more so
would we want to ‘present our gifts to God’
so as to show
our sincere appreciation for all he’s done!
Let’s consider some possible gifts
that Jehovah
would be pleased to receive from us.
Many of you in our viewing audience
have been moved to give your life to Jehovah,
dedicating yourself to do his will.
That’s commendable!
That’s what Romans 12 urges us to do.
However, there are some of you listening
who have thought
about this way of giving back to Jehovah,
but you haven’t yet taken this vital step.
Notice the appeal the apostle Paul makes
at Romans 12:1:
“Therefore, I appeal to you
by the compassions of God, brothers,
“to present your bodies as a living sacrifice,
“holy and acceptable to God,
a sacred service with your power of reason.”
Your life is precious.
Presenting your body, your whole soul,
to God is one of the best gifts
you can give to him.
This involves our sacred service to Jehovah
—that’s for sure.
But what about the daily activities of life?
Some of you do housework on a daily basis.
Others of you have
school to attend and homework to do.
Many of you perform secular work.
There’s shopping to do.
Others enjoy using
a small percentage of their time
to engage in some type
of recreation or entertainment.
Once you’re dedicated and baptized,
this is all part of your gift to Jehovah.
Please consider with me
Colossians 3:23, 24.
After discussing
a whole list of daily activities of life,
what does Jehovah tell us?
Colossians 3:23, 24:
“Whatever you are doing,
“work at it whole-souled as for Jehovah,
“and not for men,
“for you know that it is from Jehovah
you will receive the inheritance as a reward.”
It’s true that a Christian’s day-to-day activities
are not part of his sacred service.
However, the fact that Paul urges us
to work “whole-souled as to Jehovah”
makes us think of our entire course of life.
Yes, our life course
can become a gift presented to God.
For example, do we act and dress
with proper decorum at all times?
Understandably,
we don’t wear a suit and tie or a dress
for every activity of life.
But in “whatever you are doing,”
is your behavior and dress a gift to Jehovah?
If while engaging in any activity,
we’d be embarrassed to identify
ourselves as one of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
then can we really claim to be presenting
a gift to Jehovah in our daily life?
What other gifts are in our possession
that we can present to God?
What about godly morality?
Keeping your dedicated body clean morally
is a gift to Jehovah.
Did you notice what Romans 12:1 said?
It said that the bodies we present to Jehovah
should be “holy and acceptable to God.”
If we give in to temptation unrepentantly,
that could be likened to asking Jehovah
to give our gift back;
we’re taking back our dedicated life from him.
Worse yet, it is tantamount
to taking the gift away from Jehovah
and giving that precious gift to Satan.
That does not make sense.
Keep clean morally.
It’s a precious gift presented to God.
It’s true, when we’re dedicated and baptized,
there are other gifts that we’d be expected
to present to Jehovah on a regular basis.
One of the most obvious ways
is mentioned here at Hebrews 10:23.
Did you already guess
what this gift to Jehovah would be?
Hebrews 10:23:
“Let us hold firmly the public declaration
of our hope without wavering,
for the one who promised is faithful.”
The public declaration of our hope
is a gift to those we speak to,
but it’s also considered
a gift extended to Jehovah.
In fact,
Hebrews 13:15 calls our preaching work
“a sacrifice of praise,
“that is, the fruit of our lips
that make public declaration to his name.”
Israelites used to regularly offer
the best of their animals or grain
as sacrificial gifts to Jehovah.
Sharing in the ministry formally or informally
is a gift to God.
Regularly attending our Christian meetings
and participating in them
is part of our worship and pleases Jehovah.
We are familiar with Hebrews 10:24, 25.
It speaks of our custom of meeting together.
And for what purpose do we meet?
If I was there in your home with you,
how would you answer?
You might quickly say,
“I go to the meetings to be built up
and to be encouraged spiritually.”
Well, no doubt you do.
But at Hebrews 10:24, 25,
the purpose of attending is expressed
in a totally different way.
Instead of going
with the sole intent of being encouraged,
verse 24 says
we are to “consider one another
“so as to incite [others]
to love and fine works.”
Verse 25 says
we are to be “encouraging one another.”
We should attend our meetings
with the goal of being a gift to others.
Encouraging others is the goal.
We do this by our sincere interest in others
before and after the meeting.
Do you come to the Kingdom Hall early
to encourage others?
When in the traveling work, years ago,
my wife and I drove in to the parking lot
and got out of our car.
Two brothers approached us and warmly said:
“Brother and Sister Herd,
we were waiting for you.
We are so happy to have you
with our congregation this week.”
Were they elders,
ministerial servants, or pioneers?
No, they were two little preteenage boys!
That boost gave us a fine start
for a special week of activity.
We also encourage others
by participating in the meetings.
What an encouragement
to the whole congregation!
Of course, if we all go to the meetings
with that goal and motive,
what will be the result to us individually?
We all will come away built up
and encouraged spiritually.
But we must never forget
that being at our Christian meetings
and participating,
including singing the songs
and saying “Amen” to the prayers,
is actually worshipping Jehovah.
You are presenting a gift to him
at every meeting you attend.
From ancient times until now,
Jehovah’s faithful servants
have contributed materially
to the support of true worship.
That’s presenting a gift to God as well,
and we thank all of you for your support.
The Governing Body is able to provide so much
for the benefit of the worldwide brotherhood
because of your generosity.
Thank you.
Thank you very much!
What about you Christian parents?
What gift can you present to Jehovah?
Your children!
When you do your best to ‘bring your children up
in the discipline and admonition of Jehovah,’
you are preparing a gift to your God.
Think of the number of brothers
taking the lead in the organization at this time.
Some are Governing Body members, helpers,
Branch Committee members, circuit overseers,
elders, and ministerial servants.
Where did so many of these come from?
Hundreds of thousands
were children of Christian parents.
The parents followed
the admonition of Ephesians 6:4.
There are thousands more brothers and sisters
that have been raised
in the truth by godly parents
who are spearheading
the work in the ministry,
in Bethel service,
on construction projects, and in relief work.
We thank you, parents,
for all that you’ve done
and the precious gifts
you have offered up to Jehovah
and his organization.
And what about the older ones
in our congregations?
I’m 84 years young with eternity in view.
But at some point,
we start to admit that we’re getting old.
We start to feel that we’re getting old.
We start to look like we’re getting old.
Some of us find ourselves
slipping physically or even mentally.
Are we becoming
less and less valuable to Jehovah?
Is our gift now tarnished by age?
We might begin to think so,
but that’s not at all how
Jehovah views older ones
who have dedicated themselves to him,
possibly many decades ago.
A tarnished gold coin
has as much value as a shiny new one.
Proverbs 16:31 instructs us
that “gray hair is a crown of beauty
when it is found in the way of righteousness.”
It’s not so much the color
of the hair that Jehovah admires.
Instead, it’s the life of self-sacrifice
that gray hair represents.
Jehovah views older ones
who are still found in the way of righteousness
as precious gifts to him.
Why do pieces of antique furniture often cost
much more than a brand new piece of furniture?
Or why is an older bottle of fine wine
often more expensive
than a newer vintage wine?
Age brings value to a gift.
You older ones have wisdom and experience
that others in the congregation can benefit from.
It’s not that you
need to be holding the microphone
and waxing eloquent
on every paragraph at a meeting,
but modestly sharing your experience
and wisdom with others on a personal basis
can be so helpful and encouraging.
Jehovah loves you older ones.
So even if you’re bent with age in your mind,
stand tall as a precious gift
presented to Jehovah.
May all of us, young and old,
consider how we can enhance
our gifts presented to Jehovah.
If we have not yet dedicated our life to God,
is it time to seriously consider this gift?
Can we enhance our gift
by more closely monitoring
our view of Christian morality?
What we look at or think about
could compromise our gift to God.
How about our ministry or attendance
and participation at the meetings
or contributing materially
to the worldwide work?
You parents,
do your best to package
the gift of your children
so that they will be useful to Jehovah.
And you older ones,
never forget that when it comes
to wisdom and experience,
you only get better with age.
Jesus is the best of Jehovah’s servants.
He’s been around the longest.